Add API endpoint to know if a user can download at least one file in a Dataset version (#10167)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/10155-datasets-can-download-at-least-one-file.md

The getCanDownloadAtLeastOneFile (/api/datasets/{id}/versions/{versionId}/canDownloadAtLeastOneFile) endpoint has been created.

> This endpoint allows to know if the calling user can download at least one file of a particular dataset version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API endpoint indicates if the calling user can download at least one file from a dataset version. Note that Shibboleth group permissions are not considered.
```
